DOC Replace partial list of sprints with link to page with more complete links (#29418)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/about.rst

    |hf|

Coding Sprints
--------------

> The scikit-learn project has a long history of `open source coding sprints
> <https://blog.scikit-learn.org/events/sprints-value/>`_ with over 50 sprint
> events from 2010 to present day. There are scores of sponsors who contributed
> to costs including venue, food, travel, developer time and more. See
> `scikit-learn sprints <https://blog.scikit-learn.org/sprints/>`_ for a full
> list of events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scikit-learn project has a long history of `open source coding sprints
<https://blog.scikit-learn.org/events/sprints-value/>`_ with over 50 sprint
events from 2010 to present day. There are scores of sponsors who contributed
to costs which include venue, food, travel, developer time and more. See
`scikit-learn sprints <https://blog.scikit-learn.org/sprints/>`_ for a full
list of events.
```
